README.md, before:

# Years In Pixels

A web-app (maybe later on android and ios) project I made in my free time.

### To-do list

- [ ] Emphasize Pixels tab
- [ ] Create graphs page
- [ ] Implement 'cant remove pixel, cause it is part of some day emotions' thing in the server
- [ ] Highlight current day in pixel grid
- [ ] When hovering over trash can, display "If you are sure about your choice, hold for 3s"
- [ ] Highlight chosen day in the grid
- [ ] Fill the blank space below selected pixel info, maybe with a quote
- [ ] Clicking a color square gives u the option to change the color, but nothing changes, as you have to click " edit " before. So that function is just a waste of time. Same to edit the names of the emotions. How about you delete the " edit " at all, and clicking a square lets u change it already? And same for name, so u can click it already without picking " edit " first. You should still leave " confirm " there after some changes have been made. 
- [ ] Implement 'selected too dark color' thing, because of the Black box + text = not visible text unless you select it thing
- [ ] Sort emotions in a pixel day according to their percentage

###### Huge credits to that latvian friend, who helps me with UX a lot

Commit message:

temporary gh-pages router fix

README.md, after:

# Years In Pixels

A web-app (maybe later on android and ios) project I made in my free time.

### To-do list

- [ ] Emphasize Pixels tab
- [ ] Create graphs page
- [ ] Implement 'cant remove pixel, cause it is part of some day emotions' thing in the server
- [ ] Highlight current day in pixel grid
- [ ] When hovering over trash can, display "If you are sure about your choice, hold for 3s"
- [ ] Highlight chosen day in the grid
- [ ] Fill the blank space below selected pixel info, maybe with a quote
- [ ] Clicking a color square gives u the option to change the color, but nothing changes, as you have to click " edit " before. So that function is just a waste of time. Same to edit the names of the emotions. How about you delete the " edit " at all, and clicking a square lets u change it already? And same for name, so u can click it already without picking " edit " first. You should still leave " confirm " there after some changes have been made. 
- [ ] Implement 'selected too dark color' thing, because of the Black box + text = not visible text unless you select it thing
- [ ] Sort emotions in a pixel day according to their percentage
- [ ] Fix BrowserRouter to work on github pages

###### Huge credits to that latvian friend, who helps me with UX a lot
